Chore/githooks (#1379)
ZupIT/charlescd: CONTRIBUTING.md

:wave:Welcome! Please read the following sections to learn how to ask questions and how to work on something.

## Before you contribute

### Legal
As you contribute, keep in mind that the code, docs and other materials submitted to open source projects are usually considered licensed under the same terms as the rest of the work.

> CharlesCD is licensed over [ASL - Apache License](https://github.com/ZupIT/charlescd/blob/main/LICENSE), version 2, so new files must have the ASL version 2 header, please check [here](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).
> Config pre-commit githook in your local machine to help you to not commit files without license header. Please check [here](https://github.com/ZupIT/charlescd/blob/main/hooks/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CharlesCD is licensed over [ASL - Apache License](https://github.com/ZupIT/charlescd/blob/main/LICENSE), version 2, so new files must have the ASL version 2 header, for more information, please check out [Apache license](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).
You should configure a pre-commit Githook in your local machine, it will help you not commit files without a license header. Please check out [more about Githooks](https://github.com/ZupIT/charlescd/blob/main/hooks/README.md).
```

> All contributions are subject to the [Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO)](https://developercertificate.org). When committing use the ```-s ``` option to include the Signed-off-by line at the end of the commit log message. At root of this repository it was included the DCO text verbatim in the [dco.txt](https://github.com/ZupIT/charlescd/blob/main/dco.txt) file.
> Config pre-push githook in your local machine to help you to not push without DCO Sign Off. Please check [here](https://github.com/ZupIT/charlescd/blob/main/hooks/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All contributions are subject to the [Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO)](https://developercertificate.org). 
When you commit, use the ```**-s** ``` option to include the Signed-off-by line at the end of the commit log message. At the root of this repository, you will find the DCO text verbatim in the [**dco.txt**](https://github.com/ZupIT/charlescd/blob/main/dco.txt) file.
You should config a pre-push Githook in your local machine to help you not push without DCO Sign Off. For more information, [check out GitHooks](https://github.com/ZupIT/charlescd/blob/main/hooks/README.md).
```
